Flouride, good.
Holistic Dentistry wackos and the Weston A. Price Foundation, bad.
Clerks anyone?
It's even surprising that you had to explain your comment.
That's why I say that some atheists and such are far more emotional and intolerant than religious zealots.
Reminds me of the "can you build a website for me cause I'm your friend" post recently. I get that a lot personally...
PICTURE!
Your laptop is running directly off of the charger, and not from the battery.
Call me when he fixes the line wrap on that site.
I think it's pretty obvious it's not dairy fat that helps, it's junk put into de-fatted dairy products like steroids that hurts
What's next, newspaper vending machines?
voted down for index abuse
I'm a Democrat.
You may have heard of us.
We're a prominent political party.
But not as dramatic as reading Playboy.
Various Left-leaning organizations tend to cite a minority of scientists, too.
Sounds like we're catching on. Sounds like we both realize we need to listen to the scientific consensus, not to cherrypicked opinions.
For instance, only 18% of the scientists who received questionnaires for the recent IPCC study returned them.
Irrelevant because
1) I was talking about the NAS, not the IPCC.
2) There is no reason to suppose that this 18% was biased, as long as the IPCC surveys were sent to a fair cross section of scientists. Both believers and skeptics of warming had the opportunity to send their (supposed) surveys back.
3) I can't even find the survey on the net, including the IPCC. Can you provide any evidence that this (supposed) IPCC survey contributed to the final IPCC results (which haven't even been published yet, if I understand correctly)?
Ding.Ding.
Both are 100% efficient at converting electrical energy to heat.
Nearly, but not quite. It's true that energy must be conserved, but it is not true to say that all the electrical energy is converted into heat. Other forms of energy are produced by both devices.
This is such a troll. Using a light editor is nice when you are writing, say Ruby or Python. IDE's are not useful and they are simply in your way. Writing Java or C++ benefits from the IDE features. Use the right tools for the right job people.
You could start with Google. I'm not your research assistant.
You're the one who made the fucking claim so please excuse me for asking for a citation/source.
Thanks for not being a patronizing dick about it though.
I'm sure you'll be skeptical of some of the stuff, but I doubt I could change your mind anyway.
Maybe, maybe not.  I started my life believing in Jesus/god. I think that if I can change my mind once, nothing prevents it from happening again, provided there is adequate evidence.
Many kings, wars, empires are referred to in the bible that correspond to other written works.
That the bible contains fact does not preclude it from containing fiction.
I haven't met an atheist who's more intolerant than a religious zealot, but atheists who think they're categorically more open-minded than your average, run-of-the-mill, not-a-suicide-bomber religious person are just kidding themselves.
Amazing finds. Gamer gives detailed list of the top 5 (plus honorable mention) flash games he has stumbled upon in the bowels of the internet.
It doesn't seem like he's ashamed of being a Mormon.
It seems like he's ashamed of being a liberal.
Rat's are pretty sweet! We have a colony of 10 rats that are fun to care for, but these are not Rattus Rattus but rather Rattus Norvegicus. Regardless, all rats are extremely intellegent, very quick, and can bite hard if they feel threatened:
Creature | Pressure per Square Inch
Humans 120 lbs. 
Lions 600 lbs. 
White Sharks 600 lbs. 
Hyenas 1,000 lbs.  
Alligators  3,000 lbs. 
Rats  7,000 lbs. 
http://thebeginningoftheinter.net/joomla/programming/learning-c-part-3-2.html
The current and all former presidents are formally addressed as, "Mr. President." It used to be that the current vice president was also addressed as "Mr. President" but that seems to have fallen out of style.
Someone tell the neocons.
So when you hit an edge case, write a test.  A debugger is useful for troubleshooting a specific failure, but once you've done it once you can test it for regressions frequently.
The only remaining Seiran is on display at the Smithsonian Institutes Udvar Hazy center (an extension of the Air and Space museum) in Dulles, Virginia.
The U.S. didn't even know they existed until the last remaining example was discovered at the factory after the war ended.
Come see us or visit nasm.si.edu
haha, that's great!
Or it could simply be that folks bury articles not worth reading. A very valid use of the bury. Works great on reddit, much simpler than digg. Much less trash too.
It goes both ways.  Why write in a bondage & discipline language like Java when you can do everything Java can without needing a crutch to flip through volumes of API and spit out wads of superfluous syntax for you?  Use the right tools for the right job, and Java's frequently not the right tool.
It is lack of agricultural infrastructure. That is the Govt's job.
Say, what?
Perhaps most exciting could be Firefox's ability to support writing an e-mail in, for example, Gmail while offline, with the data sent later when a user is connected to the Internet again.
Interesting.  I think I've done this on my laptop when I lose internet connectivity.  How will 3.0 change this?
It sounds like all they are doing is creating Cookies 2.0 (i.e. larger files that store more information on your computer).
None of those games are that entertaining, and worst of all you wrote the article yourself! Amazing finds my ass.
Mine was a programming joke.
Wow. Be sure to check out the Santa Fe CD player link.
More proof that pro atheletes are pussies.
Nor do understand how you're presuming to understand how best to treat injured servicemembers.
by making them clean their rooms first thing in the morning?
I wish I had a teacher like that :D
War on Chimps?
a 48-year-old woman who lives alone in her yellow house on Cottage Grove Avenue, began painting the giant messages about a year ago, about the time her husband moved out and she lost custody of her son.
Are you sure thats god? Are you sure thats not.. menopause?
Great site for learning how to manage your inbox.  I already use some of the techniques discussed and they really do save time.
Already happened. Abdul Qadeer Khan, the father of Pakistan's nuke, sold technology to North Korea, Iran and Libya in the 1980s and early 1990s. It was very well documented and he even admitted it in press interviews. Pakistan denied it knew   at the time and ordered him to cease.
My office is right on the border between Clearwater and Largo. (Weird  enough, police come from Clearwater but Fire comes from Largo) Just to put Largo in progressive perspective, they just voted in their first female mayor and first black city councilmen this past fall.
good deal. we had to get in there to keep Putin out. We also have to be there to make sure the pesky saudis dont start supporting al quaeda again. there are many good reasons to be in Iraq,just cant make any of the public especially with our idiotic media and the anti american party running things.
Quite.
There is a picture of the inside of one of the moon landers, covered in dust, with the astronauts looking like miners. I wish I could find on the web somewhere...
It definitely sticks to anything, it's a very fine dust.
I do not see the logic that permits one person to do something immoral/illegal because the other person has done something immoral and illegal.
If people followed logic like this, society would have a snowballing of immoral/illegal actions.
They tend to attract the attention of bomb-sniffing dogs as well.
Clearly, "the price is $x", is a lie to begin with.
That line struck me as odd, too, but I find it even funnier that all of the many responses to your comment focused on the tax thing (perhaps due to reddit's libertarian bent) and not (and I think maybe this is what you were getting at) that even if it were a tax on the poor, the part that follows that is completely inconsistent with that notion. How can a tax on the poor result in transferring wealth to the underprivileged??
Good to hear you trade bonds; I trade options, equity and forex (USD/JPY mainly) - will keep an eye out for you!
You sound a lot like Paul McCulley with that asset/leverage economy idea.
If you are, how's that ridiculously smart rabbit of yours doing :-)
If you can also clue me into your thoughts on the the spread of AAA mortgages moving from 10bp to 30bp - I'm buying Puts on FNM types as I dont think this is what was expected. 
We're still in a market that seems to expect "high quality" (almost a laughable phrase for USD debt) issues to do well when the housing bust recession strikes. Seems complacent to me. How about you?
Perhaps you should check your spelling before passing summary judgement:
http://www.answers.com/beaucoup&r=67
Nice try. It only proves that the writers of the Old Testament used volcano-like imagery to describe God. Maybe that's the best lens they had through which they could describe omnipotence.
Iraq binge, prosecutor purge. Sounds like Bush has a leading disorder.
"all of a sudden was 178 pts lower"
Do you mean - higher?
BTW - the thing that happened right before 3pm was likely a glitch, but it wasnt a glitch in a calm, normal market. This story is being downplayed and simplified.
I'm a student in petroleum ingeneering in france and i can tell you that the cost of extraction per barrel can be very very variable due to geological, technical, economical aspects. From less than 1$ to 9$ is approximately what we learned. Now I have no clue what's the real price in this case, I'm just saying...
You had me at lightsaber
"What? Go back and read my post you stupid fuck. Why don't you learn to fucking read before having conversation OK."
Retard.  Your "quiz" said that raising the interest rate will have the effect of either A OR B, increase OR decrease inflation, which means you believe interest rate increase could sometimes do one OR the other at different times.
You can't even understand your own fucking statements.  Don't fucking get mad at me because you don't understand simple concepts.  You living brain fart!
"Wow. really? How come no book on economics says that? How come the wikipedia does not say that. Why don't you read what they say and come back to me OK?"
Who needs to look up everything on wiki?  Are you incapable of understanding basic economics?   When the money supply goes up too fast, inflation results.  Go look at zimbabwe or the other fucking example I gave you before.  Honestly, you're so fucking stupid I'm surprised you're capable of even typing.
"I never said it was. But then again you don't seem to understand cause and effect."
That's good that you understand that putting statements in the form of a quiz is not science, but since we were BLOODY FUCKING TALKING about the difference in science and idealogy, which you STILL can't get through your head isn't philosophy, you implied that you were trying for a scientific method when you immediately JUMPED to using that form.
In other words, you HAD NO FUCKING REASON to switch to using a quiz format other than to be a dickhead.
"Either A causes B or it does not. It's very simple. If A causes B then every time A happens B happens WITHOUT EXCEPTION."
No.  You could say the same about global warming then.  Inflation isn't an immediate result of the money supply increase, nor is it ALWAYS going to happen unless the economy CAN'T HANDLE THE SUDDEN INCREASE.  Do you GET THE FUCKING DIFFERENCE?
If you throw a sudden influx of money into an economy, and the economy can't grow fast enough to handle it, THEN you get inflation. This is WHY I SHOWED YOU ZIMBABWE as an example.
Fucking retard.
"If you find one exception then the law is invalid."
It's not a fucking law, dipshit, anymore than people have figured out how to predict global warming or even if it's going to freaking rain next week.
Basic nationwide things such as tax cuts or interest rates are known to have certain affects, but the model is too complex to predict it closely enough to know how long something will take or how quickly it will impact, nor is it simple to account for 10 million smaller variables.  Rocket science is simple relative to this.
Again, because details aren't simple to predict doesn't mean general direction can't be estimated.
"Mostly because you are fucktard."
LOL  you can't even get the insult right.  I think you meant "Mostly because you ARE a fucktard." but it's more accurate to say you're brain damaged than I'm a fucktard.
Go back to school and learn the difference between idealogy and science, you twit.
according to an ex gf, it is ! .. oddly I've never really wanted to know.
I think you are confusing economists with politicians.  Economists don't necessarily have any reason to make things look like less of a problem.  If anything it is the reverse - no economic problems entails no demand for economists.
They claim it'll affect the "most egregious sex offenders"... which means it might be a few years before they expand the program to every last public pee-er.
craigslist for the win
You tie Creationists and Conspiracy theorists when they both use the fallacy of False Dilemma.
Example:
The false dilemma of the creationist is that the only two possibilities of an explanation of the origin of life are 
a) Evolution
b) Creationism
Therefore all one must do is poke holes in Evolution to prove Creationism.
Example of Conspiracy theorists:
the only two possibilities are 
A) Official Story
B) Vast untold/untellable Conspiracy
